well welcome welcome to your mom's house
with Christina the shits
to your house oh this is pretty great
um I I was somebody sent me this you
know there's nobody more I don't know
who's left a bigger impact on me I feel
like in my life and and how I tried
choose I try to live my life than Steven
Seagal everybody feels the same most
people feel the same way everyone feels
that way
here is the kyster Seagal in this I
guess it was an interview with a French
language media people so it starts off
with a little tease here of his uh is
cuckoo yes Tina don't you pose no
secrets Antonio verchota Vittorio effect
are also shaken in battles on the BBC
Denali multi-axial when did we have
their face super cool right the he they
edit it like I'm gonna vomit
that was so gross said to me I'm gonna
throw up I can't hear it again there's
more unique are certain very stuff yeah
I think I've played here yeah wait a
long time girl probably was a long time
ago yeah I'm ago yeah okay
what are your relations with Hollywood
today I do I mean you know I don't live
in Hollywood now I just I live you know
in Arizona and you know all over the
place so what kind of an answer where do
you live motherfucker it's simple ona
and you know all over the place he's a
he's a citizen of the world Tom he is he
has that world passport yeah he's a
widow's peak of the world I'm in mos def
they just they don't they live where
they live yeah
the yellow I mean I still have a
relationship with Hollywood I just don't
live there I'm gonna throw up if I'm
doing that why is it to place not really
healthy elderly to live down well for me
it's not so good you know rather do you
know why did he go he'd accented their
way he picks out good you know you know
and people in quiet you know you know
how'd you say I'm super nervous I do the
actors are the sick come back I'm gonna
throw us you know God because it's
average long experience a Sam any of
them do and many of them don't what many
of them do many of them go go feel that
way many do many don't
many of them do you have them you were
to say about the crew about the team
about the scripts
oh Jesus are you only as quiet no on the
movies I do I have some say-so in all of
that
mm-hmm yeah
what do you think what an asshole just
answer the fucking question
something tells me he doesn't want to be
there I don't know what it is but I
think he doesn't want to be there he
doesn't any press as close to Jessie's
and why did you send well I don't know
how they came but they did come and I
accepted because I wanted to try
something different different of bloom
on horizon right right yeah
excuse us a cupid Baguio other
commissioners have it all along via
petition would you like to come back and
to be in a blaster your own project to
do you have you know the dream of you
could tell she's really trying to
destroy you so earnest yeah like I have
these really like thought out yeah I
really want to get to know your answer
on this I really tried to construct this
in a way that you can take it from there
of a movie that would be the movie of
your life thank you
well yeah I would love to they will come
back and make more movies that are great
movies
huh he's sick that's why he's miserable
he's taking his theraflu any no no it's
so much roll I think we should watch all
of his movies dubbed over in French yeah
we should I feel like that makes it way
better
oh they're much better when you don't
hear him actually speak it's great yeah
yeah we started to watch a movie of his
on Netflix member bricks I'm sorry I
mispronounced it all time
we got how far did we get 10 minutes oh
it was a new one yeah yeah it was really
bad it was shot somewhere in Bakersfield
but it was meant to look like
Afghanistan yeah it was um yeah it was
that was it was shot in like Milwaukee
you could tell ya it's Midwest yeah
clearly the dream Lake Michigan's right
there and he's just like it is so so
tough out here in Afghanistan yeah
thing so ridiculous